feat(cvm): initial eth support (wires until final step transfer shortcut , eth abi message, erc20) (#4182)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/docs/technology/cvm.md

# Composable Virtual Machine (CVM)

> Previously known as XCVM, the Composable Virtual Machine (CVM) is language and execution runtime for cross chain programs and intents settlement. 

Reviewer: Do we need to keep the XCVM name alive? Perhaps
```suggestion
The Composable Virtual Machine (CVM) is language and execution runtime for cross chain program execution and intents settlement. 
```
